Add VIM built-in package management to read me file (#1049)
scrooloose/nerdtree: README.markdown

Installation
------------

> If you are using VIM version 8 or higher you can use its built-in package management, just run below commands in your terminal:

Reviewer: Let the reader know where to find more information about packages.

```suggestion
If you are using VIM version 8 or higher you can use its built-in package management; see `:help packages` for more information. Just run these commands in your terminal:
```

Author: I think now it is ready to merge :)
